EXPERIMENT-05
Q1.Design a class Employee with attributes like employeeId, name, and salary. Derive classes Manager and Clerk with additional attributes.

Q2. Create a class to display the family tree. All the members are to be created using separate classes and methods.
	
Q3. Library System: Create a class hierarchy for a library system with classes such as LibraryItem, Book, DVD, and Journal.
Implement methods for checking out and returning items.

Q4.A class 'Box' which contains methods and other details(width, height, depth) to calculate volume.
Another class ‘Boxweight’ contains method for finding cost for shipping the box using weight of the box (formula to find cost of shipping= distance in km * volume * cost per km) 
Take cost per KM by the user.
WAP to find the volume of box and cost to ship using a single object

Q5.WAP to create a method to create a method named 'multiply' and overload it such that-
	For 2 inputs, multiply of 2 numbers are done
	For 3 inputs, multiply of 3 numbers are done
	For other numbers, multiply them all

For multiple parameters (more than 3, pass array to the method)

Use cases-
(1)
(For more than 3 parameters)

Enter the number (Press * to stop): 5
Enter the number (Press * to stop): 10
Enter the number (Press * to stop): 3
Enter the number (Press * to stop): 4
Enter the number (Press * to stop): *

Method for multiple numbers called- (Result)- 600

 (2)
(For 2 parameters)

Enter the number (Press * to stop): 5
Enter the number (Press * to stop): 10
Enter the number (Press * to stop): *

Method for Two numbers called- (Result)- 50

(3)
(For 3 parameters)

Enter the number (Press * to stop): 5
Enter the number (Press * to stop): 10
Enter the number (Press * to stop): 50
Enter the number (Press * to stop): *

Method for Two numbers called- (Result)- 2500


Q6. Shape is the super class for square and rectangle. Write a program to find areas of square and rectangle by inheriting shape.Method-find_Area() should be declared in shape. Parameters could be changed as per needed.

Q7.Wap to understand that the parametereized constructor of the super class can be called from sub class using super() calling super class parametereized constructor from sub class. 